Hello everybody and welcome back.
In this lecture we're going to talk about the text macro and why we need to use it on real documentation
is right in front of us here.
I'll make sure that the link to this particular Web page that we're on is also in your lecture resources.
So in general you should be using the text macro when setting string variables.
This essentially means that unreal can encode the text from multiple platforms the Unreal Engine supports
many many many platforms and they don't always play nicely but making sure we encapsulate our strings
within the text macro will ensure that they are correctly displayed on multiple platforms.
And as it says here is also more efficient to use the text macro.
So let's go over to VNS code and see it in action okay.
So let's focus on the F string that we worked on in the last lecture.
So we have a string here cake.
And what we need to do is simply make sure that in all capitals that is important a macro is going to
be in all capitals.
And then of course our string itself needs to be within the parentheses.
And as you can see as I completed that are red squiggles disappeared which is always good to see.
And then of course we can save our work.
And that's basically it.
Any time that we have a string we're going to have to wrap it within the text macro itself so that unreal
can encode it correctly so armed with that knowledge it's now time for a very quick challenge.
Okay so here's your challenge.
I'd like you to go ahead and make sure that the strings that you are using are all using the text macro.
So that's whether they're an F string or a string within our print line function.
This will also be an ongoing challenge throughout the entire section and course whenever you are using
strings and to just give you an example of how that is going to look we've got our print line and we've
wrapped our string within the text macro.
Now that does look slightly different from the example given before with our f string when we've got
the hidden word here and then we've got the string that we had before then wrapped within the text macro
as you can see here the main thing is that any string gets wrapped with inside that text macro itself
supports a video now and give us a go.
Okay everybody Welcome back.
Let's go ahead and wrap our other strings within the text macro.
Okay so now that we're back over in Visual Studio the first one we're going to deal with is the print
line at the top here.
So we're going to make sure that our string is wrapped within our text and make sure you've got the
right number of parentheses in there.
Occasionally it won't type them in straight away.
There we go.
And then finally this one here and there we go.
We've got all of our strings correctly formatted so the unreal can make best use of them to make sure
I save my file.
Boom done.
How did you guys get on preshow your work over in the discussions and I'll see you all in the next lecture.